Add timeout param for create machine (#865)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: cmd/clusterctl/README.md

Additional advanced flags can be found via help.

> Also, some environment is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, some environment variables are supported:
```

> `CLUSTER_API_MACHINE_READY_TIMEOUT`: set this value to adjust the timeout value for machine to become ready, by default it's 30min, e..g set it like `export CLUSTER_API_MACHINE_READY_TIMEOUT=45` will make the timeout value become 45 min.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CLUSTER_API_MACHINE_READY_TIMEOUT`: set this value to adjust the timeout value in minutes for a machine to become ready. The default timeout is currently 30 minutes. `export CLUSTER_API_MACHINE_READY_TIMEOUT=45` will extend the timeout value to 45 minutes.
```

Reviewer 2: @jichenjc can you please address this comment as well?

Author: oops forgot this one, thank for reminder..
